Teachers of IIT:
1. Teachers will have their accounts.
2. Availability to use everywhere.
3. Teachers Accounts will be created by admin and then admin will notify the
users to change the password by logging in.
4. Anyone with the permission of authority can be the admin of the system.
5. SPL Manager will be able to post any notice.
6. Committee head will randomize the SPL-1 supervisor.
7. The system will suggest a supervisor to the committee for the students who
won’t be able to convince any supervisor for SPL-2/3 according to students'
ideas. Then the committee head will request the teachers to be supervisors by
maintaining hierarchy or suggestion.
8. After assigning a supervisor, the supervisor can post any notice which is visible
to his/her students. Supervisor can also post the same notice for SPL-1/2/3
students by customizing the visibility.
9. Every student will get three different supervisors in their three SPL.
10.Supervisor and SPL Manager will be able to track the students' activity
progress through github repository or weekly reporting or progress check box.
11.Course faculty will maintain the students' progress through attendance and a
certain mark will be added by Course faculty in students' continuous
evaluation.
12.Supervisor will be able to upload marks of the students with admin’s
permission which aren't editable.
13.Committee members will be able to mark students in presentations
individually. The Committee Head will be able to add an extra evaluator for
presentations.
14.Continuous evaluation will be visible to students after publishing the marks
and final marks will be visible to only committee members.
15.Final mark sheet will be ready by adding all other marks which are visible to
committee members.
16.Finally, the application should be easy to use.

Students Of IIT:
1. Students will have their accounts
2. Teachers will be able to share his/her interested field in which he/she is willing
to work as well as students can share their interest.
3. Students of SPL-2, SPL-3 will be able to request any teacher to be their
supervisor by sharing their ideas. Teachers can accept or skip the request.
4. SPL manager notice and supervisor notice should be differentiable.

Normal Requirements:
1. Admin, Teachers and Students will have their accounts.
2. Anyone with the permission of authority can be the admin of the system.
3. Teachers Accounts will be created by admin and then admin will notify the
users to change the password by logging in.
4. Students will create their account.
5. Committee head and SPL Manager will be able to post any notice.
6. Committee head will randomize the SPL-1 supervisor.
7. Teachers will be able to share his/her interested field in which he/she is willing
to work as well as students can share their interest.
8. Students of SPL-2/3 will be able to request any teacher to be their supervisor
by sharing their ideas. Teachers can accept or skip the request.
9. The system will suggest a supervisor to the committee for the students who
won’t be able to convince any supervisor for SPL-3 according to students'

ideas. Then the committee head will request the teachers to be supervisors by
maintaining hierarchy or suggestion.
10.After assigning a supervisor, the supervisor can post any notice which is visible
to his/her students. Supervisor can also post the same notice for SPL-1/2/3
students by customizing the visibility.
11.Every student will get three different supervisors in their three SPL.
12.Supervisor and SPL Manager will be able to track the students' activity
progress through the progress check box.
13.Course faculty will maintain the students' progress through attendance
continuous development and a certain mark will be added by Course faculty in
students' continuous evaluation.
14.Supervisor will be able to upload marks of the students with admin’s
permission which aren't editable.
15.Committee members will be able to mark students in presentations
individually. The Committee Head will be able to add an extra evaluator for
presentations.
16.Continuous evaluation will be visible to students after publishing the marks
and final marks will be visible to only committee members.
17.Final mark sheet will be ready by adding all other marks which are visible to
committee members.

Expected Requirements:
1. Any notice’s visibility from coordinator or admin, can be customized.
2. Information regarding faculty members to be available for students.
3. Admin will be able to assign any supervisor manually.
4. Admin will be able to modify any marks manually (will notify committee
head).
5. Data archive for previous year students.

Exciting Requirements:
1. The system will suggest supervisors to students according to their interest.


* If progress of any student is unsatisfied, the system will send notification to the supervisor and spl committee to take action. 